feat(apple): Add more information about source context for cocoa SDK (#7286)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platform-includes/debug-symbols-apple/_default.mdx

Use the `sentry-cli debug-files upload` command to upload dSYMs to Sentry. The command will recursively scan the provided folders or ZIP archives. Files that have already been uploaded will be skipped automatically.

> Sentry can display snippets of your code next to the event stacktraces. This feature is called <PlatformLink to="/data-management/debug-files/source-context/">source context</PlatformLink>. When setting the `--include-sources` option, sentry-cli will scan your debug files to find references to the source code files, resolve them in the local file system, bundle them up, and upload them to Sentry. For this to work, your project settings for `DEBUG_INFORMATION_FORMAT` must be set to `DWARF with dSYM File`, which is the default for release builds but not for debug builds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sentry can display snippets of your code next to the event stacktraces. This feature is called <PlatformLink to="/data-management/debug-files/source-context/">source context</PlatformLink>. When setting the `--include-sources` option, sentry-cli will scan your debug files to find references to the source code files, resolve them in the local file system, bundle them up, and upload them to Sentry.

For this to work, your project settings for `DEBUG_INFORMATION_FORMAT` must be set to `DWARF with dSYM File`, which is the default for release builds but not for debug builds.
```

1.  Download and install [sentry-cli](/product/cli/installation/).
2.  Copy the script below into a new _Run Script_ and set your _AUTH_TOKEN_, _ORG_SLUG_, and _PROJECT_SLUG_.

> Sentry can display snippets of your code next to the event stacktraces. This feature is called <PlatformLink to="/data-management/debug-files/source-context/">source context</PlatformLink>. When setting the `--include-sources` option, sentry-cli will scan your debug files to find references to the source code files, resolve them in the local file system, bundle them up, and upload them to Sentry. For this to work, your project settings for `DEBUG_INFORMATION_FORMAT` must be set to `DWARF with dSYM File`, which is the default for release builds but not for debug builds. If you don't want Sentry to upload your sorce code, remove the `--include-sources` argument from the copied script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sentry can display snippets of your code next to the event stacktraces. This feature is called <PlatformLink to="/data-management/debug-files/source-context/">source context</PlatformLink>. When setting the `--include-sources` option, sentry-cli will scan your debug files to find references to the source code files, resolve them in the local file system, bundle them up, and upload them to Sentry.

For this to work, your project settings for `DEBUG_INFORMATION_FORMAT` must be set to `DWARF with dSYM File`, which is the default for release builds but not for debug builds. If you don't want Sentry to upload your source code, remove the `--include-sources` argument from the copied script.
```

```

</Alert>

> ## Uploading source context

Reviewer: Could we split this into its own page? This page is already long and enabling source context isn't required to get debug symbols working.

Author: Yes, I believe we can.

Sentry can display snippets of your code next to the event stacktraces. This feature is called <PlatformLink to="/data-management/debug-files/source-context/">source context</PlatformLink>.

> To use this feature you have three options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are three options for setting up source context:
```

> ### 1.Manual use of sentry-cli

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 1. Manually upload with the Sentry CLI
```

> By adding `--include-sources` to the sentry-cli command, sentry-cli will scan your debug files to find references to the source code files, resolve them in the local file system, bundle them up, and upload them to Sentry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you add the `--include-sources` flag to the sentry-cli `debug-files upload` command, sentry-cli will scan your debug files to find references to the source code files, resolve them in the local file system, bundle them up, and upload them to Sentry.
```

```bash
sentry-cli debug-files upload --auth-token YOUR_AUTH_TOKEN \
  --include-sources \
  --org ___ORG_SLUG___ \
  --project ___PROJECT_SLUG___ \
  PATH_TO_DSYMS
```

### 2. Fastlane plugin

If you're already using Fastlane, you can use the [Sentry Fastlane plugin](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-fastlane-plugin)
to upload your source to Sentry by adding `include_sources: true` to the plugin call.

```ruby
sentry_upload_dif(
  auth_token: 'YOUR_AUTH_TOKEN',
  org_slug: '___ORG_SLUG___',
  project_slug: '___PROJECT_SLUG___',
  include_sources: true, # Optional. For source context.
)
```

### 3. Xcode Build Phase

> You can upload your source to sentry after every build when using Xcode. To do this, add `--include-sources` to the sentry-cli command in the [Upload debug symbols](#xcode-build-phase) Xcode build phase script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can upload your sources to Sentry after every build through Xcode. To do this, add the `--include sources` flag to the sentry-cli `debug-files upload` command in the [Upload Debug Symbols](#xcode-build-phase) Xcode build phase script.
```
